---
title: StackStorm 3.1
author: W Chan
type: post
date: 2019-07-09T16:30:17+00:00
url: /2019/07/09/stackstorm-3-1/
thrive_post_fonts:
  - '[]'
categories:
  - News
tags:
  - release
  - release announcement

---
StackStorm v3.1 is now available. This new release is focused on stability and bug fixes.

  * Update requests library to latest version (2.22.0) in requirements.
  * Disallow &#8220;decrypt_kv&#8221; filter to be specified in the config for values that are marked as &#8220;secret: True&#8221; in the schema.
  * Upgrade `tooz` library to latest stable version (1.65.0) so it uses latest version of `grpcio` library.
  * Fix timeout handling in the Python runner. In some scenarios where action would time out before producing any output (stdout, stder), timeout was not correctly propagated to the user.
  * Update `st2common/setup.py` file so it correctly declares all the dependencies and script files it provides. This way `st2-pack-*` commands can be used in a standalone fashion just by installing `st2common` Python package and nothing else.
  * Fix `st2-pack-download` command so it works in the environments where `sudo` binary is not available (e.g. Docker).
  * Update `st2-pack-install` and `st2-pack-download` CLI command so it supports installing packs from local directories which are not git repositories.
  * Allow the orquesta st2kv function to return default for nonexistent key.
  * Fix orquesta st2kv to return empty string and null values.
  * Allow tasks defined in the same task transition with `fail` to run for orquesta.
  * Fix workflow service to handle unexpected coordinator and database errors.
  * Fix filter `to_yaml_string` to handle mongoengine base types for dict and list.
  * Microsoft Teams support in ChatOps is now considered generally available. This chat provider adapter does have some caveats and limitations however. Users are encouraged to read our [documentation for Microsoft Teams][1] before switching to it.

### Upgrading

As always, make sure you have backups first. Then follow the standard [Upgrade Instructions][2].

 [1]: https://docs.stackstorm.com/chatops/msteams.html
 [2]: https://docs.stackstorm.com/latest/install/upgrades.html