---
title: 2021-03-25 Security Incident – WordPress Intrusion and Defacement
author: blag
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=9493
thrive_post_fonts:
  - '[]'
categories:
  - Blog
  - Community
  - Uncategorized

---
**Mar 29, 2021**

_by [@blag][1]_

## TL;DR

The StackStorm website &#8211; stackstorm.com &#8211; was defaced at some point around March 25th. We believe that our content management system (CMS) was hacked to serve Javascript that redirected users to a server that attempted to install malware on user devices.

The TSC was alerted to this by a [forum post][2] at 19:14 UTC and also pointed out to us via Slack at 19:23 UTC, and was posted to our internal Slack channel at 19:31 UTC. Within minutes, members of the TSC were investigating the issue and jumped on a common Zoom war room. We were able to restore the entire server from a backup image created well before March 23rd, which we believe was prior to the security incident as well as take additional extra security hardening and steps to make sure this never happens in the future.

After 1.5 hours of incident acknowledgment, By 20:57 UTC we had the site is back up and running, and at this point, we believe it is secure.

At no point were the DNS settings for stackstorm.com or any other related domains changed, and we have no evidence that attackers were able to access any of the following:

  * our DNS provider
  * our hosting provider or server directly (read: we believe that SSH is still secure)
  * our stackstorm packages, releases and versions we distribute to our community
  * any part of the codebase, including any GitHub.com accounts
  * any CI/CD accounts, workflows, build history, environment settings, or secrets
  * any of our internal infrastructure accounts (all of which are protected by TFA)
  * any part of the [StackStorm Forum][3]
  * any part of the [#stackstorm-community on Slack][4]

<!--more-->

## What We Believe Happened

At this point, we believe that the attacker/s were able to exploit a vulnerability in either the language runtime, our CMS, or a CMS plugin. We were running out-of-date versions for some of those, and the CMS plugins especially may have had security vulnerabilities that allowed the attacker/s to assume enough control to overwrite the site page.

As far as we can tell, we believe that it was not a targeted exploit, and we believe that the vulnerable scope is limited to our CMS, which is not connected to any other piece of the StackStorm infrastructure or accounts.

## History

Our CMS server for stackstorm.com website and blog is a relic from the past. It is a legacy part of our infrastructure from when StackStorm was still a product, a company, or a subsidiary, and had accumulated a bit of cruft that is now out-of-date. The TSC has been primarily focused on releases, integrating the former-enterprise codebases into the open source StackStorm codebase and handling our partners program, and we have not maintained all pieces of our infrastructure as well as we should have.

## Mitigation Plans

In the past, having a full-featured CMS that can dynamically generate content and run code on the backend was useful, but now that StackStorm is owned by the Linux Foundation, that is no longer the case. Instead of running our own server and CMS to run our blog and a few pages, we are looking into converting our site over to utilize a static site generator and switching to an easier hosting provider for that, hopefully one that is cheaper or even free like Github Pages. The less infrastructure that we have to maintain, the more care and attention we can give to focusing on improving the StackStorm codebase.

## For The Future

I would like to take this moment to direct attention to the [Security page of our documentation][5], which is always a good way to contact multiple TSC members with security issues. If you are reporting something simple, then a nudge or two on Slack couldn&#8217;t hurt either.

 [1]: https://github.com/blag
 [2]: https://forum.stackstorm.com/t/is-stackstorm-com-down-or-hacked/1620
 [3]: https://forum.stackstorm.com
 [4]: https://stackstorm-community.slack.com/
 [5]: https://docs.stackstorm.com/security.html